François Guérin is a listener of Lucie Paret.
She intimidates him.
She intimidates someone.
She intimidates François Guérin into handing a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret says to him that Lucie Paret hands a saltshaker to him.
She says that she hands a saltshaker to him.
She says something to François Guérin.
She says something.
Lucie Paret says to him that he hands a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She says that he hands a saltshaker to her.
She persuades François Guérin that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She persuades someone that she hands a saltshaker to him.
Lucie Paret persuades him.
She persuades someone.
She persuades François Guérin that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
She persuades someone that he hands a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret points out to him that Lucie Paret hands a saltshaker to him.
She points out that she hands a saltshaker to him.
She points out something to François Guérin.
She points out something.
Lucie Paret points out to him that he hands a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She points out that he hands a saltshaker to her.
François Guérin is a listener of Lucie Paret.
Lucie Paret accuses him.
She accuses someone.
She accuses François Guérin of handing a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret admits to him that Lucie Paret hands a saltshaker to him.
She admits that she hands a saltshaker to him.
She admits something to François Guérin.
She admits something.
Lucie Paret admits to him that he hands a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She admits that he hands a saltshaker to her.
She concedes to François Guérin that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She concedes that she hands a saltshaker to him.
Lucie Paret concedes something to him.
She concedes something.
She concedes to François Guérin that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
She concedes that he hands a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret confesses to him that Lucie Paret hands a saltshaker to him.
She confesses that she hands a saltshaker to him.
She confesses something to François Guérin.
She confesses something.
Lucie Paret confesses to him that he hands a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She confesses that he hands a saltshaker to her.
She maintains that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She maintains that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
Lucie Paret maintains something.
She maintains something.
She maintains that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
She maintains that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret claims that Lucie Paret hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She claims that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She claims something.
She claims something.
Lucie Paret claims that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She claims that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
She declares to François Guérin that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She declares that she hands a saltshaker to him.
Lucie Paret declares something to him.
She declares something.
She declares to François Guérin that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
She declares that he hands a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret observes that Lucie Paret hands a saltshaker to him.
She observes that she hands a saltshaker to him.
She observes something.
She observes something.
Lucie Paret observes that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She observes that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
François Guérin is a listener of Lucie Paret.
Lucie Paret denies handing a saltshaker to him.
She denies something to him.
She denies something.
She denies to François Guérin handing a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret denies him handing a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
He is a listener of Lucie Paret.
Lucie Paret jokes about handing a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She jokes to François Guérin.
She jokes.
She jokes to him about handing a saltshaker to her.
She jokes about him handing a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret urges that Lucie Paret hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She urges that she hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She urges something.
She urges something.
Lucie Paret urges that François Guérin hand a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She urges that François Guérin hand a saltshaker to her.
She recommends to François Guérin that she hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She recommends that she hand a saltshaker to him.
Lucie Paret recommends something to him.
She recommends something.
She recommends to François Guérin that François Guérin hand a saltshaker to her.
She recommends that he hand a saltshaker to her.
He is a listener of Lucie Paret.
She asks François Guérin.
She asks someone.
She asks him to hand a saltshaker to her.
François Guérin is a listener of Lucie Paret.
She pleads to hand a saltshaker to him.
She pleads something with him.
She pleads something.
She pleads with him to hand a saltshaker to her.
She pleads for him to hand a saltshaker to her.
He is a listener of Lucie Paret.
Lucie Paret prays to hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She prays something to François Guérin.
She prays something.
She prays to him to hand a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret prays for him to hand a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
She orders that she hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She orders that she hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She orders something.
Lucie Paret orders something.
She orders that François Guérin hand a saltshaker to her.
She orders that François Guérin hand a saltshaker to her.
François Guérin is a listener of Lucie Paret.
Lucie Paret proposes to hand a saltshaker to him.
She proposes something to him.
She proposes something.
She proposes to François Guérin to hand a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret proposes for him to hand a saltshaker to Lucie Paret.
He is a listener of Lucie Paret.
Lucie Paret promises to hand a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She promises François Guérin.
She promises.
She promises him to hand a saltshaker to her.
She promises for him to hand a saltshaker to her.
Lucie Paret wants François Guérin.
She wants something.
She wants him.
She wants something.
Lucie Paret wants François Guérin.
She wants something.
She accepts.
She accepts.
Lucie Paret accepts.
She accepts.
She accepts.
She accepts.
Lucie Paret declines.
She declines.
She declines.
She declines.
Lucie Paret declines.
She declines.
She presents to François Guérin that she hands a saltshaker to François Guérin.
She presents that she hands a saltshaker to him.
Lucie Paret presents something to him.
She presents something.
She presents to François Guérin that François Guérin hands a saltshaker to her.
She presents that he hands a saltshaker to her.
